Initial WAF support for NGINXaaS for Google (#1939)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-google/changelog.md

To see a list of currently active issues, visit the [Known issues]({{< ref "/nginxaas-google/known-issues.md" >}}) page.

## May 15, 2026

- {{% icon-feature %}} **NGINXaaS for Google now supports F5 WAF for NGINX (Preview)**

> You can now deploy NGINXaaS with [F5 WAF for NGINX](https://docs.nginx.com/waf); an advanced high-performance web application firewall (WAF) to provide protection from OWASP Top 10 web application security risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now deploy NGINXaaS with [F5 WAF for NGINX]({{< ref "/waf" >}}); an advanced high-performance web application firewall (WAF) to provide protection from OWASP Top 10 web application security risks.
```

> **Note:** This feature is currently in preview and does not yet support custom security policies or custom logging profiles.

Reviewer 2: I would want to let users know they can try it out for free during the preview phase (and also hints at a pricing change when the feature goes GA) - perhaps something along these lines:

```suggestion
**Note:** This feature is currently in Preview, is free to try during the preview period, and does not yet support custom security policies or custom logging profiles.
```

Reviewer 3: Note: This feature is currently in Preview and free to use during the preview period. Custom security policies and custom logging profiles are not yet supported.

Author: Updated with that note.
